this is the aftermath of the Israeli air
strike on ala warehouses in the Ala area
of central Gaza the Israeli war planes
fired a number of missiles on these big
warehouses killing and injuring dozens
of Palestinian civilians hundreds of
families were taking shelter in these
spacious warehouses as it is located
within an area labeled by the Israeli
military as a humanitarian safe Zone
Israeli air strikes have recently
intensified
causing the number of fatalities and
casualties among civilians to rise
earlier the Israeli occupation forces
issued evacuation orders to Palestinians
in balah yet they were not given the
time needed to
leave at about 1 after midnight and
without warning the Israeli war planes
launched a series of air strikes on the
area we ran from loud explosions and
massive destruction all those killed
were innocent civilians most of them
were women and
children three families and a number of
workers were taking shelter in the
warehouses they were all killed and the
buildings leveled as we speak residents
with their bare hands and very simple
tools are still trying to recover the
dead and search for survivors buried
under the large concrete
debris as of now we recovered 12 dead
bodies and half a dozen injured
survivors with a similar number still
buried under the ruins more than 22 in
total we are using our bare hands the
civil defense are doing their best with
no resources at hand Israeli air strikes
on Central Gaza continue killing and
injuring scores of civilians most of the
victims are women and children many are
missing and buried under the
debris well US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is traveling to
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer